Add `MODSEC_DISABLE_BACKEND_COMPRESSION` env variable (#78)
coreruleset/modsecurity-crs-docker: README.md

| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| USER | A string value indicating the name (or #number) of the user to run httpd or nginx as (Default: `www-data` (httpd), `nginx` (nginx)) |
| GROUP | A string value indicating the name (or #number) of the group to run httpd as (Default: `www-data`) |

> | BACKEND  | The backend address (and optional port) of the backend server. (Default: the container's default router, port 81) (Examples: 192.0.2.2, 192.0.2.2:80, http://172.17.0.1:8000) ||

Reviewer: Does that make more sense?

```suggestion
| BACKEND  | The backend address (and optional port) of the backend server. (Default: the container's default router port 81) (Examples: 192.0.2.2, 192.0.2.2:80, http://172.17.0.1:8000) |
```

> | MODSEC_DISABLE_BACKEND_COMPRESSION | ModSecurity string that can enable or disable backend compression (Default: `On`) **(⚠️ ModSecurity V2 - Apache Only)** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MODSEC_DISABLE_BACKEND_COMPRESSION | A string value that enables or disables backend compression (Allowed values: `On`, `Off`) (Default: `On`) **(⚠️ ModSecurity V2 - Apache Only)** |
```
